[Music]
Rick Daly's provides innovative
solutions and products a firefighting
systems both onshore and offshore for
more than four years firefighting
systems have been filled with these type
of daily sprinkler heads when faced with
marine by-product we sprinkle heads
instantly block which then renders the
system inoperable rig deluge event
reduced concentric full adapter which
when added to sprinkler head will allow
that system to operate first time every
time allowing water to the fire on
demand an engineered solution saving the
industry millions of times and
introducing a safety improvement akin
group provide cost-effective
environmental on wastewater treatment
solutions for onshore and offshore
industries along with our partners
global advantage a hydrodynamic
cavitation solution maximizes economic
recovery from mature fields and reduces
the need for expensive on children
mediation our solutions save on direct
waste treatment costs and a hydrocarbon
recovery for an excess of 95% which
beats traditional methods and we also
contribute to the circular economy
[Music]
DDK positioning provides precise
positioning solutions for consumer
applications delivered on mobile devices
such as mobile phones current providers
of precise positioning solutions either
have expensive hardware or have
expensive subscription models
prohibiting both volume and consumer
markets that would benefit from having
these kind of solutions ddk positioning
had developed the solution for this
global problem in a marketplace
indicated having over 7 billion gps
units by 2022 where users and
applications would benefit from having
better levels of positioning delivered
on consumer grade hardware and mobile
devices
[Music]